

How can i renew my service? FiberOnYou Broadband have various convenient and secured service renewal platforms. Please use any of the options below for fast and seamless payment and instant activation. Self-service portal via https://eservice.fob.ng/login.php MyFOB App which can be downloaded on Google Play store or Apple app store. Once you pay via any of the above channels, your service will be automatically renewed. Please note that all service plans have 30days validity period. Quickteller platform via https://www.quickteller.com/fob, Any Quickteller enabled ATM machine.

What should i do when i see Red Light on the equipment? Please take note of following in resolving issues relating to red light showing on your modem: Modem should be suspended where children/housekeeper will not be able to touch or tampered with.Please ensure all cables are properly connected on the ONU.If you notice any red light blinking on the modem, please restart the modem from the power source for about 5 seconds If red light blinking persists, please contact our customer service for quick resolution.

What should i do if the Power Light is not on? Confirm the power source is properly connected and switched on.Kindly press the LED button on the ONU.If LED button still not on, please try using another power cable or source to confirm functionality.If problem persists, please contact our customer service for quick resolution.

What should i do if i am unable to connect to the internet? Please check if your data has been exhausted or expired.Please login to MyFOB app to confirm account status.If subscription is still active and unable to connect, confirm that the light indicators on the ONU are on. Please check for red light on LOS or PON light blinking and ensure all cables are properly connected on the ONU.If problem persists, please contact our customer service for quick resolution.

What Data Plans are available on FibreOne Broadband? FiberOnYou Broadband have flexible data plans at affordable prices for both residential and business plansTo learn more, please click on the link below.https://fob.ng/enterprise/#servicesFor direct contact, please contact us on the following channels.Calls: 2349087981900, +2349087981919, WhatsApp: 2349083136396 Email: csc@fob.ng,MyFOB app- Download the app for prompt support and payment.

How do i contact FibreOne Broadband? You can reach FiberOnYou customer service centre via the following channels; Calls: 2349087981900, +2349087981919, WhatsApp: 2349083136396,Email: csc@fob.ng, MyFOB app- Download the app for prompt support and payment.

Can i upgrade my Service Plan? To check your data usage, kindly login to MyFOB app, click on data. MyFOB app can be downloaded at Apple and Android app stores.Please click graph to see your upload and download speed.

How do i check my Data Usage? To check your data usage, kindly login to MyFOB app, click on data. MyFOB app can be downloaded at Apple and Android app stores.Please click graph to see your upload and download speed. 

How long is my service valid for? Please note that all service plans have 30days validity period.This implies your subscription will expire at the end of every 30days.

What happens if i need to change my residence or business place? If your business or residential location changes, we can relocate your fiber optic service at a cost which shall be communicated to you. Please contact our customer service center or send an email to csc@fob.ng and our we will be glad to assist you.

Live Chat with us 24/7? We operate 24/7 on our contact channels. You can live chat with our customer service team 24/7 using the following platforms downloaded on your mobile phone or desktop. E-Service: Please visit www.fob.ng and log in with your username and password. MyFOB App: Please download MyFOB app at Apple and Android app stores for both payment renewal and complaints resolution.

How long does the fibre optic installation take? At FiberOnYou Broadband, installation days vary depending on your location and it ranges from 5days to 7days. Once we know your location, we will be able to run a feasibility check and give you a more accurate estimate. To learn more, please contact our sales team on 09087981900.

Will i be able to play online games on my FOB service? Yes, FiberOnYou Broadband provides high-speed broadband with unlimited internet access, With our unlimited access you will be able to play HD games on the internet.

How do you deal with damaged routers and other equipments? If the equipment gets damaged due to customers negligence such customer will be responsible for the cost of replacement, otherwise, WIFIBER will take full responsibility.We replace or repair the device with no cost to you. However, if the damage or fault is ascertained to have been due to negligence or endangerment on your part, you will be bear the cost of repair or replacement.












